So I think we could not live if old people could not find science and technology and they did not develop . 
For not using a car . 
Here there was no promise of morning except that when we looked up through the trees we saw how low the forest had fallen . 
Thus , even today , sex is considered as the least important topic in many parts of India . 
Imagine if you were working in a factory just to do one thing , like pot taire on cars . If they fire you , you will destroy it , because you know more than pot taire on cars . 
They encourage the consumers , like me , to purchase this great product with all these amazing ingredients and all that , but actually they just sometimes make something up just to increase their sales . 
I want to talk about nocive or bad products like alcohol , hair spray and cigarettes . 
For example , they can play football whenever they want , but the older can not . 
It figures Diana Krall wearing a Rolex watch and has a text that suggests that if the reader wants to belong to the restricted club , not necessarily of Rolex watch wearers , but of highly talented , sophisticated and competent artists , he or she should also have a Rolex . 
There are several reasons . 
Also , the work of the media , television , magazines , and every stuff made for publicity affects the emotions of many people around the world , encouraging them to buy and buy anything they can . 
Since most urban areas are occupied by cars , they are all facing up with an irresistible problem of air and noise pollution . 
It is true that consumers prefer to buy a product that has a lower price , but when international companies that have already have the certificate begin to send it to their market , people will prefer to consume theirs because the difference between prices is probably not going to affect them too much . 
4 They have a big chance to prepare for their future life 
If a person does n't have good health , that means so many things could be lost . 
Many studies over the last 50 years have shown that people who have fluoride in their drinking water have considerably fewer cavities than people who do not drink nonfluoridated water . 
Likewise , the theory generated from the concept of memory is also not the appropriate way due to limited memory . 
because they spent time on unmeaningful subjects . 
I was very fast . My best time was 55 seconds in 4 0 0 hundred meters , which is a good time in any country . 
And young people spend more time in their lives . 
If in this society do not do study they never understand their opportunity or ca n't understand any ideas , so most of the important that in this situation and I am also very interested and also prefer that for the study materials . 
We have to know about this problem . It 's serious but almost everyone knows about this . 
Students can focus on only a few subjects they are interested in and they will become experts in those areas . 
But in other waythismakes other countries needed to pay extra money to repair the roads . What they did was reduce the amount of gas they used , raise the gas tax , and lower the income tax because they thought only raising the gas tax was unfair . 
Today , MBA students with a background in engineering are in high demand . 
In the case of young people , the best way is studying as hard as possible to get better grades , so in the future they will have a better chance to find better jobs . 
So the school tries to teach the students a bit about every science . 
I think they have to get skill at it . 
Specializing in one particular subject does not suit our life in this era which is characterized by diversity and innovation . 
I will explain my points of view in the following paragraphs . 
He thinks differently from other people and he has succeeded . 
These activities make the community a better place to live in and inculcate these values in all the members . 
Because all this broad knowledge helps them to understand their major at university as well as helps them to make a correct choice in specializing studies . 
And it was very easy for me to understand why he always brang bad marks at home . 
Then when we went to the Science Olympiad , she could have diverse knowledge about the subjects and it was not new for her to think about new things . 
If everyone thought about learning and understanding lots of scientific subjects , no person would do it and , as a result of this , all science would be improved . 
Thus , in concordance with the above , I agree whole heartedly that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . 
Third , , put it in front of the door of a store to make people see it even if it is not good . 
However , are these things all good for people ? 
Very soon they will run out at the current rate of utilisation . 
In the lecture , however , the professor opposed the reading statement . 
But YOU have to create these opportunities . 
Through our lives , we need to talk about our families . 
They try new things . 
Inorder to do this , they would need to learn additionally skills , either theoretical or practical , that would increase their understanding and future application of their chosen subject . 
If you want a product , you should create a beautiful image around it if you want to sell it . 
Secondly , the place of the film must be very clear and the film must be relaxing etc . 
and will put you on non-stop learning ... 
This will the proof of speeding offenses so that police can easily catch them. . 
In today 's computer skill is the first important life skill . 
He finally chose to learn the truth . 
I have never stopped myself thinking this , but this is a real possibility for the future . 
A young man has his own field and works on it hard , and does more benefits to society . 
and about the new information there is editors . 
If we consider an idea as a totally autonomous concept within the individual process of defining reality , I would state that ideas are useless , not being based on experience . 
He/she wants to know everything about the universe , wants to know everything about God , death etc. . These are some concepts that everyone can encourage a lot of ideas but the facts are not found yet . 
It is so expensive that only those people can do this besides their everyday life . 
They make very high profits year after year and the numbers also increase year after year . 
For this reason , the number of cars will decrease in the future . 
So he took it upon himself to narrow his research into this subject which was a mystery to the world . 
Others who do n't have this concept will sell uncerfied wood . 
I did n't have confidence . 
If there are specialized docters , the doctor has done the operation very often before , so he is really talented at his job . 
So it will be a good situation . 
Also , I have traveled in a group without a tour guide . 
The school teachers are the ones who take the future of young genaration so we have to give them better knowledge . 
so this test is very important to them . 
but most of the time it is important because most students are not baly and their thinking and ideas are very important . 
Otherwise , it will be a problem for us to understand certain things in life . 
I myself like to participate in different kinds of activities and meet people who would like to do them . 
Second , the number of treasure locations is implausibly large . 
He mainly concetrate on the questions asked him at the time of the interview . 
because when we learn about some subjects we should have more information about what we are studying so that the student will get the information easily and better and this is my first reason . 
In a market economy , the price must reflect the cost of the product and the consumer 's willingness to buy the product . 
Some tour guides who will want to set maximum security will make the tour difficult because you will only have a wonderful view throughout the bus . 
Because the fashion culture has changed . 
Actually that was such an unstable trip . 
It is obvious that after returning I was tired and the night is meant for sleep ! 
Nowadays , we need a person who is capable of all sorts of work . 
Finally , fish farming relates to long - term wastefulness which can pollute the sea . 
Establishing connections with other researchers will open the door for new projects with other researchers . 
Now I have outstanding scores . 
He knows that there is no return on his help to others . 
Furthermore , my friends , who are nineteen years old , drive their own car , and they would like to buy another one . 
As the cities were smaller , there was less violence , noise , traffic ... 
There can not be no bothering and no hazzle . 
Even though he knows the advertisement is unreal or looks too pretty , he is going to buy the product . 
These are several opposing points I observed between lecture and passage . 
Even though she does not have a job , she also needs a car to use to pick up her kids or go shopping . 
In the early industry , a lot of workers worked together . 
It kept the Anasazi from living in the American Southwest by very high temparture ; it caused droughts . 
I have several reasons to support my choice . 
Because one time you achieve success and next time , why not ? 
While at university , he might specialize in one subject , while still taking a number of diverse other courses . 
Now we have all the information around us . 
Both of these men have dealed with situations in an unconventional manner and the results are for everyone to see . 
This will have an affect on exams . 
Moreover , taking risks teaches you to accept both winning and losing . That is the most important lesson one should learn in order to achieve any kind of objective . 
I would like to initiate , myself , whatever I do on my trip to get an out of my trip . 
However , one student pointed out my mistakes . 
It 's normal : proposing something to the client and constructing something different is the best way ( and it 's legal ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) 
This is how we are transforming our society at present days . The actual fact of being against this statement is that we are looking for what we want at the moment in order to have a great time . 
Not only this , without a clear understanding of what is being taught , the student will not be able to perform well in the tests . 
For example , a man whose hobby is playing football must want to play the ball all day and night and night until day again . 
At least I do in my consulting job . 
Although the few lucky ones struck gold , most of the people simply vanished as they left their homes , only to be forgotten , and some of them even developed obsessions with the western mirage . 
And like the citizens of the developed countries , these people want to possess cars themselves . 
We grip on many subjects . We get ample exopsure greatly and easily . 
But on the other hand , there are also people that are often convinced by the interesting advertisements they see everywhere . Because of this , many times they have to face problems with the product that they bought and many times there is no way to give back that product . 
They take responsible for the future of their society and the results . It can be the most helpful thing for society . 
So the conclusion is clear . 
and you can change your views and ideas , but you can not change your facts . 
An old person has to give way to a younger one no matter whether he likes it or not . 
Ever increasing competitive rates force them into frequent business model changes for compatible trasisional flexibility . 
However , this reading passage casts douts on the speaker 's mention . 
However , all of them are limited . 
That is why it gives us a lot of opportunity to think . 
The placebo effect is not an illusion but real , so the drug caused the placebo effect . 
When I go to travel to see something I want , we do not know when it is open or closed even though I studied beforehand , it might be suddenly closed . 
Its cost is half the others but the lifecycle is the same . 
What we do now , we will be able to do later . 
In my opinion , there are two kinds of studies : the ones that are highly technical and the others . 
Thus , we begin to share information and ask each other about weaker subjects . 
For example , in the 2 0 0 6 World Cup in Germany , many conch wanted term work . 
Many scientists have obtained clear results of investigations after the facts were on the table before they could even begin to theorise about them . 
This will give rise to a holistic understanding . 
They want to make people understand that the product is the best and really you can trust it . 
There can be many other theories about migrating reasons and about the methods of migrating . 
Thus , environmental issues will push more people to consider another way to commute instead of driving a car . 
On the other hand , he or she can continue doing what they do well and hope to be noticed . 
Video is convenient , but , if teachers are concerned about students , using textbooks gives good ability for students . 
They tend to restrict traffic on certain days , hours , increase parking fees , etc . 
For instance , we can consider that evolution exists . 
So , depending on the study , it would be better one way or the other . The thing is to choose the right one . 
I am really sorry to continue like this but right now I am taking the test in a room with 5 more people other than me and we are all taking the test on the computer . 
In my opinion , it depends on the particular person . 
Many people are killed by cars . 
Global warming and greenhouse effects have started recently . 
Examples : If good skilled people do something in the wrong way and they have good responses , like thieves , robbers , thieves , criminals and cause problems for other people . 
For example , when we talk about speed , they must understand why it dengures are better than if they have axcedant after they learn . 
Therefore , people will be able to live with the automobile society and nature for the future . 
Then , how about if the talkkative explains the project errounuosly ? 
One car should be used by three people , so it is hoped this will reduce the number of cars during the busy hours . 
And they can make a product and sell it cheaper than most countries . 
Marco Polo used the Persian language , not Chinese or Mongolian . 
This is because of their knowledge of many subjects . 
The industry affects these animals because these companies use the fish in the elaboration of different foods like oil . 
Therefore I bought a car immediately . 
Although the weatherrealted factors could be considered , such as the land shape of the area . 
One of the reasons that fish is important is the fish can be an important bay for livestock and poultry . 
Once the policy is mentioned in the reading passage . 
Such an unwritten law is very furious , but our world is furious . 
Also , young people have less mental pressure . 
Think about creating a firebreak . 
Finally , the third reason that birds use a type of internal compass , is that birds have crystals of the mineral magetite embedded in their break . 
If the teacher teaches them that , they will go to study about that . 
Just search the internet , and we will find out what we want , no matter how the books stimulate our imagination and how high quality the book is . 
In one case , for example , the copper scroll notes merely that treasure is hidden in the avivinity of a cretain river . 
In this case , students learn a concept and it is possible to use it in other fields . 
This way is the cheapest way for people to have a trip . 
The lecture says it is more important to provide enough fish for people . 
Furthermore , a tour guide will also provide safety and security for the trip , since they know the do 's and don'ts on the tour . 
On the other hand , each academic field needs specialists in order to progress . 
Which caused her situation to get worse . 
For example , one man is a football club fan . 
By using new things which are usually known to them and it includes risks with it . 
You can see that many books , news , newspapers , TV , computers . 
When many people are very young , they have time to acquire knowledge . They n't have much time to enjoy life as much as possible . 
This argument is not only true now , it has been for ages . I want to talk about a live example of Sir . 
The last one is that they have to study about disease , which means that they will be saved . 
The consumers also know how advertising is . 
-Learn ! 
There are very successful politicians that never tried anything new . 
You can become smarter than other people . 
In my opinion , this statement is groundless and the youngsters today do contribute to their communities to a great extent . 
And now because of this man , I am writing my essay on a computer . 
Therefore , we have to reduce sulfur and nitrogen dioxide . 
Most of the the things I hear are not true . 
I think it is very hard to distribute the point and to make everyone understand , because when a few people start to do so , they will think it is not fair at all . They are the few who are suffering , other people cannot get it and continue doing the same thing . It just makes those people think stupid . 
Maybe at the beginning , but time after time , other animals in the environment will choose them as their new food . 
The older man would prefer to enjoy all the time he has , remembering that we live only once . 
The scraping will cause heat and that heat(energy) will go into the car . 
You will face huge difficulties in life if you do n't know at least something about every subject . 
The younger generation are more adaptable , they can adapt to changing technology . 
That is why I 'm here , to be ready for my education , that is , to be specialized in one specific subject that I would like to learn in every detail . 
Furthermore , the professor denies the reading passage which states that treasure does not exist and it is just fiction . 
I chose law and began to study everything about Italian law . 
But ideas of how you can solve this problem will actually give you a solution to the problem . 
After all , personally , until now , I have tried to go on a diet and manage my health more carefully . 
Well , knowledge also plays an important role in life , which can be gained by understanding the concepts rather than learning things . 
Most people do n't care about the environment or how consuming cars affects the ozone layer greatly . 
In addition , it has a negative influence on agriculture . 
Also , they have more responsibilities than young people . 
The professor said , This can be changed in different environments . 
This casts doubt on the reading passage 's assertion that fluoride prevents dental cavities . 
I , on the other hand , have no major responsibility other than studying . 
A good student must know how to understand and work hard to get the iede . 
And their critica uses few arguments . 
Secondly , the information in videos is very well delivered in a format that is very familiar with students . 
It was a reasonable price . 
Of course , local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result . 
heart disease patients show improvement when they are taking placebo . 
Besides , young people usually like new things , like the ipod or mp 3 . I can see that most young people ca n't live happily without music in their ears and movies at home . 
They are going to do it and do it for better . 
However , people do n't know that and they do n't know how to do it better or what they ca n't do . 
Producing vehicles that are more fuel efficient will damage roads and that will cost a lot to repair . 
so measures should be taken to check the fish 's population . 
Some say this product is recommended by the most important doctor or something like that . 
This makes people feel pressure . 
And there are a lot of scientists who just specialize in one specific subject , discover important concepts or invent things which make our society more convenient . 
For example , last month , I bought a product for my skin . Actually , I bought the product because the advertising got my attention . 
Newer vehicles are something that could fly in the sky , then we would n't be annoyed about traffic jams . 
This offers you a lot more possibilities and you can stay at places you like and avoid the ones you do n't like . 
But when we are in possetion of these products , are we really living a dream ? 
Sulfur dioxide is generated by several natural processes and several human processes . 
Sulfur dioxide is released into the air with other pollutants . 
One without the other is nothing . 
Menhadens are the primary source of protein for the livestocks and poultry . 
I understand people who think that funny movies are more interesting than others , especially when you watch a movie with friends , because it allows you to have fun with them . 
In fact , old buildings are costly to maintain . 
While the child spends about five hours or less with his parents , and whenever that child wants to go out , he will most probably go out with his friends , who are his classmates , so most of his school life will be spent with his classmates , and this will have a great affect on his personality , which will determine the way the child will react towards his school and will determine how he will use his life . 
They have a broader spectrum of ideas that they can develop into competences throughout their student life . 
Someone likes music and someone likes science , and someone is talented at ballet while others are not . 
I believe that the number of cars may decrease in twenty years ' time for several reasons . 
This could help them to develop their thinking power , management power , and good strategy making power to achieve their goals . 
A perfect example of Real Politik was when Bismarck manipulated the letter written by the king and sent it to the French emperor Napoleon III . 
In this case , a tour guide can be helpful to complete the trip in very little time as compared to what one might end up spending if one decides to explore the place by by . 
What I wanted to say is , that enjoying life cannot be put into a definition to test out if somebody is enjoying his or her life because it matches this definition . 
But the owner , who owns a car dealer 's shop , offered him another job , with better conditions and benefits . 
It 's very obvious that more cars will be sold there . 
Also , the food chain becomes stronger than it was before , such as rabbits and hear . 
For the older , the phone has only funciton . In some ways , it is a job , a project , an imper which the master calls with related to the jobs . 
In my opinion , in order to start a career , it is important to have a solid basis . That means knowledge and experience . 
Therefore , I support the statement that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts . 
Yes , that 's right , but there are some young people people who think about the idealism of their country , about their community in Indonesia , about their friends who ca n't eat , who ca n't go to school . 
The time to take a risk can be compensated by consulting others who are more professional than me at sorting out the issues or solving risky problems . 
However , after prescribed burning , the forests can grow plentiful , and farmers can get more than before . 
Maybe doing what they already know how to do well is better than being enneoyed by something that sounds news . 
But in general , lies do not last very long . 
Technology has grown so fast because everyone tries to work on an invention due to some ideas he has developed and concepts that have been applied to this idea from different subject areas . 
Hence , from the very beginning , children form this hesitancy through interaction with other people , which time only solidifies . 
He actually changed the way he played in the latter part of his career when he won all those championships . 
We will continue to invent and produce more sofisticated technology based on our own comfort , which will decrease our ability to perform physical activities . 
Facts are learned by experience . 
In my opinion , if they start one subject , they never give up . 
This contradicts the reading passage 's that it has bad influences on economics . 
The purpose of travel is to to spend a lot of your time releasing your mind , is n't it ? 
The bass is not the only predetor to menhaden , so if people catch more basses the population of other fishes will also grow . 
They are today using this method as a curative measure , but with the increasing importance of preventive medicine , normal , healthy individuals are also attracted towards not using cars wherever possible . 
This shows that people are aware of the disadvantages of getting old &raspsquo; among them getting less pleasure from life , and try to delay or disguise it in any possible way . 
In fact , we will need a lot of places to park all these cars , so we need a lot of projects for this increase in cars . 
Governments use that money for public use and safety . 
Second , Sphinx is known as the Old Kingdom king . 
Or , " Is this the right thing to do ? " 
I have been interested in math . I spend a lot of time solving math problems and I get good scores in exams . It makes me have more passion for math . 
Even after school , he has to participate in games and other extra curricular activities that are compulsory to attend . 
He has a lot of money and a name but no family life . 
Even though the place I went to was Kyoto , which is the most beautiful city in Japan and which has the most valuable and interesting temples , nothing really remein in my mind after the trip because I was just part of the group and following a tour guide without thinking . 
Board knowledge on many subjects is not possible to acquire . 
I also think that the AD is a way to make people feel happy , because you can dream ... 
It is more exciting and memorable . 
The first clue is that there are rocks near the coast which are considered to be made by Chinese explorers . 
However , his trying still brought him success . 
Since I was in a group , I should respect the group rule . 
One good way to always be safe and have a good time is to travel with a group and choose a good tour guide . 
I do think that there is not anything I want . What a tiring city . Why do my father and mother want to visit this city ? 
The lecturer against the author 's insistment following reasons . 
In addition , once he told me that he would never take risks by doing other work because he 'd been working on it for 12 years and he is already &raspsquo; fluent &raspsquo; at it . 
For example , the most famous , Thomas Edison , was asked a question when he applied for a loan from a bank one more time for his experiments which were failing . 
They behave as though they were just spontaneously praising a product during a normal conversation . 
To my surprise , nothing had happened . 
For example , they do not like to wait much . 
But , like the lecturer suggests , we could susidise the poor and this policy would help to pay the right prices for our natural resources and environment . 
There are cars that use gas to power them . 
They can solve that problem for many companies that will produce a new product . 
Education is the basis of opportunities and the amount of subjects in which a person has knowledge conditions his or her opportunities in very important aspects of life , like work and even helping others . 
It usually makes them more positive about doing it . 
In both advertisements it is said that these tooth pastes will make your teeth brilliant and brighter . 
We must trust ourselves 
That seems to be why people live . 
Insufficient closet space , inefficient heating and decaying plumbing make life harder to live in old houses . 
The advertisement says that the car has space for 0 people when the truth is that the car has just 4 people space . Another example is an advertisement for a skin soap . They say that this soap is the best because they say your skin will be as soft as a fifteen - year - old princess , or that your skin will be as soft as Jennife Lopez 's skin . 
That means people who have something that specializes in one subject could get more chance of being hirring . 
And chimps can also remember what researchers said and almost perfectly reply to what researchers said . 
He would conceder , losing the years that he spent on colecting the money . 
In addition , the technology on which these mass transport systems function is based primarily on non-conventional sources of energy . 
First of all , old houses are not necessarily suited to the needs of modern residents . 
Of course , he has the risk of failing , but imagine the fantastic sensation of victory if his second bakery is as successful as the first one . 
There are many people that do n't think before making a choice . 
Third , although the reading passage claims dinosaurs because their bone structure is similar to endothermy , scientists assume that it is not the case . 
Ten years ago , a family that consisted of five members owned at least two cars and it satisfies the transportation . 
For example , we can see on the Discovery channel that in the wild many people have hobbies in learning from animals . 
The current market requires more specific knowledge than broad knowledge . 
Only by breaking out of your normal life can you discover new perspectives on your job and your private life . 
I said yes . 
When you are successful , you will have a reason to live . 
And the important thing is travelling without a tour guide . 
Fish firming uses lots of special products , such as fish meal . 
Lawyers are young people . 
Extending the same example as stated above , I can tell you that during the worst period of Amitabh Bacchan , he was offered to enter into politics to take advantage of the publicity that he had got and he would be paid for it heavily , so he was very much in need of financial support . Mr. Bacchan had rejected this offer only because he knew how polititians play with the imotions of common people . 
and when we want to get this energy , we need to desport the ground and soil or oceans , because this energy is found in those places . 
New plants could not grow after the fires . 
Realist people can be more successful , as we can see in history . 
They do not stop at the same thing . 
It means , to understand a war development , you should understand the ideas and cultural moviments that resulted in a particular period , and helped to the occuring of that war , for example . 
In the commercials they are all good . 
The alternative reading passage emphesize about an alternative to priscibing burning by giving some turm like " disking " . In This fire clears out dry and dead shrub and stimulates the growth of new plant life . 
This saves valuable time , one can invest in more important activities . 
But , even if this student passes the course , he/she will not be a successful lawyer in the future with contracts . 
In other words , the verity of these towns would give some changes that might be used to encourage people who are interested in old things . 
However , there were n't any particles . 
That shows that few animals could survive and be active in this harsh and cold environment . 
The way I see it is that , the only thing that guides do is limit you , and even more when you are in a group . 
The facts were n't as important as the context . 
These ideas and concepts usually contain academic research which is totally reliable and dependent on the facts . 
From this , the professor agreed with some ideas and agreed with some ideas . 
But , I have been to Juju island more than three times . 
I would have a variety of answers subjective to every person 's field of interest . 
The second one is to specialize in one specific subject . One has his own taste for studying , so let us talk about this subject . 
I think that the car twenty years from now will use electric fuel not gasoline . 
After this effort , many companies in the world have taken actions to get this ecocertify . 
Is that right ? 
Any user who has used any toothpaste definitely knows that this can never be true . 
After the invention in 1 9 0 8 of the first commercial car , the Ford T , man has been subdued to the use of the car . 
Everybody loves him and he does the same . 
Successful people go through lots of hardship . 
Younger people are still trying to obtain experience although olde have it already . 
Hence , ideas and concepts are more reliable than the facts . 
This has to do with the signs of our nature that we encounter nowadays . 
For example , drivers might memorize where the speed camera is located . 
Take toys , for example . Advertisments that target children in particular are the best example of the way advertisements create a false image of the product . 
Cars were our answer to the need for transportation sixty years ago , and they will continue to be twenty more years from now . 
They need cars for many things , such as transportation , transportation and business . 
Because of the requirement of men going into the army , men have to sacrifise their youth . 
If a scientist does something different , like if he/she could modify the form of carbohydarte like gelatinized and nongelatinized carbohydrate then incorporated into fish feed , then fish may be used more than previous . Then , if fish are used more , then the chances of growth will be greater , then it may be appreciated by everyone . 
While it turns out the results from both experiences are the same , the method and the time that brings a result is not the same . 
Because you do not need to be a hero in order to try new things , you just need to want it and know that any result will be a success in things that you want or in learning . 
They have to consider the negative side of their suggestion . 
In such a situation , there is no other way . 
In the reach family , all the members have cars . 
I held the map and tried to find all the famous points that had been marked on it . 
Even the magnitides on Mars are no evidence of life on Mars . 
For example , when I traveled to France and Italy alone , I met a person in NIce who was a famous producer of songs in Taiwan . 
Finding oil and petrol and digging for it is a very expensive procedure . 
I hope those things I learned will help me in the future . 
For these reasons , the passage said that it is time for the state to take measures to reduce the amount of sulfur dioxide . 
I think there must be many subjects better than one subject . 
Also , the animal population got better and they recovered really well after the fire . 
It provides wood for the industries . 
SOME LUCE POINTS INWALL . 
The gas from cars will destroy the environment of the earth and it will heat the earth up . 
In writing we are nearly unable to show the feelings of people , but in the action on TV we can understand better than in books . 
These kinds of fish ca n't live so long in water that contains salt . 
Everybody knows that the truth today is a competition . In each and every field we face competition . If you are choosing your degree in the software field , then you have to master that subject , then you can easily get a job . 
Because you share only a single interest , thus making you a loner . 
In addition , students want to learn the language and they want to use it , so when they understand the concepts and the ideas it will help them to learn the language . 
In deed , they can be refused . 
Unfortunately , we are individuals and living isolated from society . 
but if they need money for these purposes , they can work extra hard . 
Learn 
However , after I learned all sides happening in a company , such as marketing , accounting , leadership , financial accounting , and business communication etc. . 
An example that confirms or supports my point is in Chinese cars . 
Furthermore , it is way better to live on knowledge than on guesses and common facts that anyone can learn through the media . 
It is the main resource for cars to work . 
From my personal experience , when I was very busy finding information , the Internet is a very useful and fast tool . 
But then , as it has been rightly said by someone " We are the victims of our own greedy needs " . 
This is very useful for them . 
But by then we have already bought the product and end up losing the money . 
and we say that these countries are gonna be the next developed countries . 
My 1 0th exam and 1 2nd exam were very good . 
If they do one thing , they go for another until they know how it works and what is useful think of it . 
I am sure that most of the kids knew that this was not the way their parents taught them , because they did not know why it was wrong or why they should do the way their parents told them . 
We can see young people working all over countries or working for others with tools like telephones or the Internet even if they look like they spend their time just on themselves by spending whole day in their room . 
Also , most people prefer to entertain athletics rather than other arts . 
Therefore , he likes to do arisky and strange things and he enjoys it . 
But after a few days , I found myself enjoying it . 
However , what if they just work in the field which they already know how to do well ? They might feel sad and tired . 
I believe having broad knowledge to specialize in one specific subject is greater than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
In my opinion , if someone thinks one is more important than the other , why not focus on one ? 
And people feel more awkward when it comes to their ears that this is something going on as a current event . 
He would never want his business or company to be stagnant . 
However , I would prefer traveling by myself with good preparation filled with joy . 
The carebendiocside is very harmful for people . 
and I heard heard " success attracts success and money attracts money " 
Also , they can go shopping and buy new fashionable clothes . 
It 's really a good film . 
After that , I studied in more depth the topics and understood the ideas and concept of the topic . 
When the forest is caught on fire , the wood turns into ashes which is pottesium . 
In my opinion , cars will be taken full use of in twenty years . 
in that a lot of academic subjects can not be used seperatley . 
According to the lecture , management should plan carefully when hiring well-trained people or teach them how to manage fire in a better way before a fire . 
And it is important to have emotions in classes like history or social studies . 
In the elderly , people have left all the burdens and they spend in their own interests . 
Every time we meet , I will look forward to new things . 
Although some people say that the treasures are already found . 
As far as I am concerned , I agree with this statement . , Some people do not agree with my opinion . 
Carusage in the United States is very important in everyday life , well as in many Latinamerican countries , and thirdworld countries . 
However , companies tend to cut their profits for workers . 
Many people are willing to buy these cars . 
The one is the Copper Scroll . 
Another solution could be the development of more fuel - efficient cars , which could also be good for America 's car manifacturers who will produce more attractive cars to sell to other countries . 
Consequently , I agree with the statement with regard to three reasons : effecting of view , face to face with people and the first time . 
First of all , the population of the world is going down . 
My wife and I always go to Tokyo around December . 
Therefore , the problem of running out of fuel is beyond question , thereby augumenting my view that the number of cars will continue to rise and not decline . 
The first effect is global warming . 
So , Ho Chi Minh city will develop . 
People like to drive different types of models and they want some things extra in them . 
These useful skills that I learned from reality are going to be the greatest gift for my future career , and they can not be found in text books anyways . 
That 's why I will not work as I am alone . 
High cost produces high quality medicine . 
This is an important thing . 
Books sometimes have old information , so it will be wrong . 
Because of those problems , people have started to use cheaper transportation instead of cars . 
However , I agree that having knowledge is useful whenever we necessary information . 
But when the teacher asked me if I understood it , I said yes . 
So , I disagree with the statement and I think it is much better to specialize in one specific subject than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
Raising the tax on gas could be the most effective and possible way to decrease the use of gas for three reasons . 
Next , kids are more attractive to the advertisements . 
Successful people explain any other matter and discuss any other problem . 
But it is dangerous , because some drivers have trouble with other drivers and when some drivers crash their car then streets are busy . 
Because it is already a fixed data , nobody can create a problem with this type of literature . 
Also , the professor indicates prescribed fire . We should be careful when we use prescribed fire solution . 
If they cannot pay the high prices any more , people have to change to a bus or a train . 
This will reduce the pollution caused by carbone from cars . 
Moreover , they have to learn about advanced course materials . 
Age , in my view , is sometimes a barrier to doing things in life . 
In simple words , they say they have lost their appeal . 
For example , nursing students study at a nursing college for three-four years . 
I believe that the product 's quality mentioned in the shops is exactly the same as given in the advertisement . 
Then , define your goals and work hard to achieve them . 
Critics of this policy focus on three points . First , the Yellowstone fires scorched a large area of land , so a lot of plant species were lost . 
In my past experiences , there are some lectures which are completely based on facts , and the chance for me to apply them is just rare . 
When you understand the idea is one way that you can figurout about the statement that you see at this moment . 
However , a lot of reasons explain why what the placebo effect does . 
In today 's world , there is a high and almost unreplenishable thirst for change . 
The kids can stay outside every day and play . 
Firstly , I think that communities equal human relationships . 
It may spoil your health also . 
Water is needed to live . 
I the other people see many times on TV , rich people are interested in politica , sports , new technologies and also in sports . 
As a result , studies in Britain have shown that fluoride increases the activity and can lead to more bone density and therefore fewer bone fractures among the elderly . 
Also , sometimes , people may meet some new friends in the traveling group . 
If students just learn facts , they will forget them soon , but this will not happen so easily if they understand the concepts that are behind the facts . 
When I started completing my homework on time , I gradually improved . 
because if I study in this way , of course , I will learn so much . I also will have a lot of information from the book I am studying . 
When you understand the concepts and ideas , it is up to you to prove them , to see if they are really what you have been told . I think this is the main reason why students prefer facts rather than just understanding ideas and concepts . 
For example , if you are attempting to study art and science and to get equalifications in both , you are an extraordinary creation . 
Therefore , as long as it is a country where I can understand their language , I will travel alone . 
The government will try to do something to not pollute the air . 
So , in this field , it is very important to understand all the concepts and ideas which they gave us and use them to solve problems . 
Because they sent out 20 % of the whole carbon emissions . 
Try to combine the process of my opinion , it is easier to understand one thing ( process , as I mean ) than to remember many divided facts or dates . 
It also takes greater risks than just doing it . 
No scientist would never have ever come up with their wonderful inventions and the world would never have progressed . 
There will be technological developments in the future , but that will only promote the use of public transportation systems , and not cars . 
Not being with a guide gives you the liberty to visit the places you want to visit at your own pace and with the liberty to deliberate to any place you want to go . 
Usually , in the advertisements a presentable face is used . They try to present some models , nice babies , known faces like sportsmen , only to make the product look better than it was . 
Not that bungee jumping is something that every young person wants to do , but even if he wanted to do it he probably would n't be able to . 
Close-up video clips of a juicy hamburger flying around the screen , surely satisfying the models eating it , could easily create in the viewers a false sense of being hungry and urge them to hop into their car and drive to a fast food restaurant nearby to get what they have seen . 
So only time will tell what actually happens . 
As we all know , when we are out , something we ca n't expect will happen , such as disease , an accident or something else . 
And then , makers of cars need to develop the systems to safe almost completely . 
Third , the professor agrees that the gas prices in the United States are cheap , and they should raise them to save the environment and people 's health . 
Nowadays , there are many people who think they are the most important thing and they only have to work for themselves . 
In general , there are many people in a book . 
But they do things in a different way than others , which gives them success . 
People feel more secure and comfortable travelling in their own car rather than changing several public transportation vehicles and reaching their destination far later than they would desire . 
The second critic of this method is that the customer loses all critical reflexs and that he is not on guard . 
As a result , it will be easier for you to learn many things . 
In short , these were critical parts that contradicted the reading materials . 
I think it 's harder for successful people to risk something , they could lose much more than others . 
We can have a glance at what is happening in the world through accessing the internet on mobile also . 
So the importance of communities in society has decreased . 
but found that successful people use people 's money and use their ideas as a way to success . 
In my case , when I had a job interview , the employer asked me questions about commensence like society , policy , art , and so on . 
Sometimes , they have to face failures and a lots of struggle . 
Because it transmits the hebitats from Eastern Europe to different places in the world . 
Considering a family going shopping at the weekend . 
Another reason is that many people see some exutic cars as luxury encorragies the industry . 
Now the market is occupied by lots of cars with varying comforts . 
It is also undeniable that if a man has diversifed knowledge , it will be of immediate use . 
My , I think advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
So , some people use cars only to get somewhere . 
They have to think twice before performing even routine activities of life . 
Most of the actors , soldiers , workers and students are young people . 
To respond adequately to the world we live in , we need to understand it first . 
In fact , even today , most of these systems run on electricity which can be harnessed in several non - polluting ways . 
Compared with older people , they do n't even have enough time to enjoy their life . 
Also , it is in all the sections because we use head phones . It makes a lot of noise and it is seriously very hard to stay on task . 
They are clean and big and so on . 
and a rolling stone gathers no mass , says the proverb . 
It is only difficult just to watch education . 
And there are a lot of critics concerned that the required testing is so long that it is valuable for patients . 
I have a reason why I study English . 
Buses should be reserved for spots where there is no possibility to set up tramway routes . 
I think that it is not always fair because not all students work in the same way and with the same responsibility . 
Of course , things are new and very risky . 
For example , little children are told not to cross the street at red lights , because it is so dangerous that we cannot let kids learn from crashes . 
In my opinion , students need knowledge . 
So , because more people are able to buy cars , the demand for cars will increase and so the production of cars will also increase and , in the end , this means that the number of cars will increase from now in twenty years ' time . 
First , they have spent time on the computer , so they do n't know how to communicate . 
I would also like to say that understanding concepts and ideas is a much more important way of studying for students . 
I ordered them and was promised that they would be delivered to my house in a few days . 
We know that prescribed burning should be repaired every few years but it is very expensive to spend every few years . 
The second difference between the encylopedia is that there are a lot of viruses and hackers on the internet and one of the hackers can easily change the information about any kind of topic . 
If I want to win a case in court in - for example , a case where technical questions are to be considered , it is not enough to just know about the law . 
Second , if there is any problem with the goods . 
Some people might say , Where does energy come from ? " ? 
Successful people try to do new things like any machine can help people . 
However , the problem is how long will it take us to find out that we are actually controlled by the advertisements and the perfect image they give us ? 
Comsumers are not likely to buy a pair of trousers when the claim is that they will increase their ability to fly . 
Hence , German students will have to work harder , think much more and thus become even more skilled . 
One reason is that endangered animals are breaking nature . 
So I think having self - confidence is more important than having knowledge . 
A younger person , however , will need time to define his or her wants in life . 
The work should be good , and not just a bundle of meaningless . 
Natural disasters always bring economic damage . 
It is rightly said , life is not about adding years to life but life to years . 
First , an advertisement makes me buy something unexpectedly . 
There are two major reasons : it is profit to socialization and mental health . 
For these reasons , I have to a high score in TOEFL . 
I believe this number is increasing and will continue to increase as generations of educated people pass on their wisdom to their children . 
In my opinion , the need for community service and volunteerism arises in the absence of adequate resources or when somebody is not fulfilling their responsibilities . 
When I consumed that drink , then I got to know that we should not believe the advertisements . 
But it is very different from that one in the passage . 
They just create an impression so well that people are drag to buy them . 
Since I liked enough areas inside , I bought the car a few days later . 
Exactly like master of none and Jack of all . 
The economy would benefit because this would enable it to have a worldwide competition with the car manufactures . 
He and I are good pals but we do n't want to get a lower score than each other . 
It is composed of not only seniors but also university students . 
One of them is the long term wastefulness of the process . 
And if the knowledge is in all the areas , then it gives you an added advantage to your knowledge level . 
That is because if I became a member , I could be highly estimated by my friends . 
So , governments and scientists are also promoting the reduced use of private cars as they are one of the greatest attributers to air pollution . 
People use the public water to drink water . 
That will never cause an economic problem . 
because it is not very easy to use . 
But in my opinion , if you want to be a successful person , you should have the courage to try new things and take risks . 
On the other hand , sientist agree that the predators are beneficial to controlling the population of the menhaden . 
Do we consider her to be a smart girl ? 
For example , in a chemistry class , when you talk about how oxygen is needed for a burning process , you can give a fact to support your idea , which is you can put out a fire with a blanket by cutting the oxygen . 
Every beginning has its end . 
Who did we bring them together ? 
They explain the specific points using examples of dinosaurs ' behaviour and physical face . 
The lecture mentions Mongol court recods of the time . 
It is harmful to many other animals as well as pollutes the water sources . 
First , the teacher makes the right way to teach us , so every teacher gives confidence to students . 
We do n't usually study these subjects very closely . 
You often find people investing money in inventions only to sustain their own business . 
For instance , many people use airplanes , ships , and trains . 
As a former Law Teacher at the University of Belgrano , I have experienced the problems students face when taking their oral law examinations . 
The first reason is that students are very critical and always have many ideas to develop their opinions . 
They may go to the house where the elderly person lives , and help them to eat food and walk . 
There are a lot of big streets in my town . 
Then you pass the diseases to a couple of people here , the young people still enjoying life . 
It would be a really wasteful idea . 
For example , they can read again if they want , and go back to the page that they can not understand or they are impressed with . 
Tour guides are generally trained and certified by some supervising entities . . They are expected to be ready to provide the best possible guide to their customers . 
However , I still believe that learning facts is important for students . 
which you will help each other by working together after graduating from university . 
He usually brings a book and asks something . He wants to understand the story . 
The operation room is not a bookmaker 's office or lottery house . 
This means the more languages you know , the better you can get along in other countries . 
Recently , scientists have been working on a new generation of lie detectors that can perform head scanning to find out if the person is telling the truth . 
By keeping his focus on one industry and one subject , he ensures that he is up-to-date and fully aware of all the current happenings in the industry or subject . 
They had success and they had the power . 
It will always be a puls thing for them . 
There is going to be a huge market if the product is totally brand new , which is equal to a large chance to make more and lots of money . 
Before it was like that , we were all under the voluntad of man , and depending on him . 
When you are a teenager , you start experiencing some sexual changes , which in contrast , changes your way of thinking , thinking more about the other gender than thinking about toys , you enjoy going out with some friends , rather than staying home playing with your toys . 
This will help them to get good marks . 
By avoiding this , it will lead to a much purer and natural world for our future generations to live in . 
In extreme cases , some even gain weight because of this . 
Firstly , some immergent events happening in other countries or areas may happen in the place you live someday in the future . 
I feel that the environmentally friendly benefits and the attachment that society already has to cars will make people keep driving cars . 
I do not want to go to the Effel Tower in Paris or The Statue of Liberty in New York when I travel because they are too famous , so I have already heard and seen about them . 
Others would like to spend more time shopping than going around the places . 
I feel this will give jobs to people also , because all car companies will have to adjust to this change , from gas to water fuel use . 
As a student who learns many subjects at the same time , I found it very beneficial . 
So it is complex , looking after many new employees every year can be difficult . 
In this case , the advertisement totally has an impact on that baby . 
Maybe they enjoyed life in young times too . 
Lastly , business owners thought factories would help reduce their overrall business expenses by reducing their transportation costs . 
When I talk about research , I mean asking people that had the product , like friends , family or going to forums on the Internet . 
As it is important to see your work in the context of the whole car , he now still benefits from his broadly chosen majors in college . 
Successful people have to do things stablely and do what they already know how to do well . 
The students must have improved to get the correct view of the grade . 
There are more population in every area . 
Firstly , the population of the world is increasing exponentially . 
This person guides you through paradise and takes you to wonderful places . 
Really successful people gained their fortune by doing something new , something that no one else has ever done before . That means that nobody knew how to do it well . That was their risk . 
and you stand nowhere in any subject . 
This way , anybody can achieve success in his life and career . 
There will be a lot of members who have gone to the surface of the moon and they will land safely on the earth . 
Now let 's take the example of a millionaire who has n't managed to let go of his childish ways . 
Without facts , there will be no ideas or concepts developed . 
For example , when I was freshman at Meiji University in Japan , my classmates and I traveled to China . 
Some people dislike traveling in groups , having to follow strict time schedules , and following rules . 
In this case , older people can drink and can go to a lot of places such as nightclubs , bars and so on . 
A specialist in any field will have better job opportunities . course , he will not have as many opportunities , but whatever it be , it will be far better . 
Second , many of the car 's disadvantages will ceace or decrease in the coming years , which will rather make it more popular than at the current time . 
The same will happen to taxation on cars and gasoline . 
Nowadays , drinking soda has become an addicted to most people . 
Thus , a series of people got together and asked the guide to change the schedule and the guide could not help accepting their opinions . 
Hence , these advertisements may convince people that the brand being advertised is actually the best quality product , when in fact it is not . 
This economic system is the best . 
He points out that climate plays a role in the erosion of materials . 
If they are a family who likes to go places , they would prefer a car to other vehicles . 
If we have a job we like , we will love to do the job no matter how difficult the job is . 
If you want to actually get to know somebody , you can spend the whole day with that person or place , but if you do not , you do not even speak to that person or even go there . 
A 7 7unsuspection user can tell whether the entrance has been tampered with . 
This is prevented if a broad choice is given . 
Usually I do n't want just myself in an unknown place . 
I think cars will not be replaced completely by new automobile innovations , but they will certainly be in fewer numbers . 
Now , I am a really happy girl because I found my confidence . 
These advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
But in contrast , in the lecture , the professor states that it is impossible that video is not expensive . 
And to do that , we need to move . 
Does age actually have an impact on the way you live your own life ? 
A robot can work all day , and no one is tired . 
Eventually , some of them wanted to buy the product . 
A successful therapist needs to know that one treatment can help one person but for another could not be appropriate . 
In today 's world , we have just developed the first aspect . 
I had lots of problems with studying science . 
Its big importance is conscious of the bad consequences of its decline if people continue to prefer lying down at home watching bad TV programs and other ways of easy culture . Maybe more attractive to them , but bad for our future . 
So we are more successful the day of the exam . 
The professor needed them to do a project . 
And when you order a big mac and see the size of it , it is nothing compared to what you saw in the commercial . I feel like throughing it at their faces . 
But I can not use only my own subject to design a building . 
Although life is never easy , age does n't depend on when you can be protected or prevented from bad things . 
If not , we do not need to start its procedure . 
It is called " ballast water " . 
If there are people like me , then the fashion market will develop . 
The student must be capable of understanding ideas and concepts , and at the same time , knowing the way they must be developed . 
We are also able to deal with with problems that arise with it . 
Second , there is evidence that associates the Sphinx with a known Old Kingdom king . 
The companies want to show their product as the best one in the competitive market and in this race they generally mislead the consumer . 
First of all , the lecture thinks that taking the gas tax to reduce the number of gas consumers is not good for economics . 
But if he does one machine like that , if he wants , he could do another different one , but he does n't think that , because he does n't know his own habilities . 
And I think that young people were more politically engaged in previous times . 
but as we are young , our body generates new cells . 
It is a brilliant idea , and you know that you are really good at working with small boys and girls , but you have to risk your work , your salary , and , with this , almost your life for an idea that may or may not work . 
That 's modern life now . 
First , sharing the cost of a vacation is a very good advantage for travel . 
There are young people who acquire immense pleasure and self - satisfaction by helping in community work . 
In order to get an ecocertification , many wood companies around the world have introduced new ecologically friendly practices . 
For example , you were working like a broadcaster but in the office and city where you are working . 
She knew just what the teacher had told her but no more . 
When I go to Europe by using this , I can save lots of money . 
The last one is the proposed limit on menhadenhresting could mean the reduction of this problem not just in Menhaden but also in several countries . 
If the status of cars is still at the present level , something else , of course , will take the place of cars in our lives , but history tells us that advancement will never stop . 
On admission to university , the subject breaks down into very many subjects . 
They would use bicycles due to the relatively cheap cost and minimal need for maintenance . 
It would also be unfair , because it would affect low-income Americans much more seriously than well-to-do Americans . In the listening part , the woman ecplani dhe nir reality that raising the gasoline tax does not reflest the real economic damage . 
But this is not the situation for old people . 
This might contribute to a decreasing number of cars , especially in developed countries like we find in Europe , for example . 
People who are trying to get into a good university study by themselves , while I play around without reviewing and studying . 
But that is a different situation , because at this stage , the graduate will have already guaranteed his/her bachelors ' degree . 
When facing such challenges , only those who are perserverant , determined and always strive until the last minute despite of the risks can finally be successful . 
I was so mad at the tour , so since then I like to travel by myself or without a tour . 
You can benefit from this knowledge in many situations . 
But they are not examples for the whole &raspsquo; &raspsquo; young people 's community '' ... 
and governments will not provide a good public transportation system for many years . 
People are not dependent on other people or timescedules of for example , trains , trams and buses . 
1 7-5 0 people survey to requre all classes and selective classes . 
For example , nobody is going to ask his personal doctor who he sees when he has a flu if he can also do heart surgery or transplant organs . 
As a young person , you can do some high - risk sports like climbing a mountain , for example , that would be too hard for an old person to do . 
We cant stay on the internet for long . 
They take us to far places at quite a fast speed without much human physical exertion . 
And people can not ready to pay the taxes . 
Furthermore , by this evidence you will agree 
We went to Pink 's hot dog restaurant . 
In the old days , families tended to live in the same place for ages . 
However , many companies have joined them and also sell textiles . 
And details are the key element here , , in the academic domain . 
For example , my parents went on a group tour to my country , Korea , last summer . 
By this you can gain knowledge . 
People are not and shouldnt be robots . 
I think that young people are not able to think deeply about things like older people . 
Cars have become an important thing in our lives . 
My friends are are celebrating a party . 
I was upset and depressed . 
For instance , when I was a university student , I researched and reported about community history in groups . 
Thus , most of the habitant in the rural areas are old people . 
This is very positive for the company and he will probably get a better position . 
While air travel has increased in recent years , there has been no decrease in car travel or car sales . 
The product is always presented in a perfect way . 
On one hand , you have the general practitioners who look at all the basic problems related to the body , while on the other hand , you have the specialists who only take care of specific areas , whether it be an orthopaedic surgeon ( related to bones ) , a cardiologist ( related to the heart ) or an ENT ( ear , nose , throat ) surgeon . 
The definition of young or older is not apparent . 
All knowledge is connected to each other . 
First , the hunter is the most dangerous thing in this world for the bird . 
Hence , in twenty years , the need for man to go out and get what he wants will be beyond question . 
Thus , in my view , the points made in the lecture surely challenge the specific details or the points made in the reading passage more effectively . 
That is to say , not all the old things lead to failure . 
The reason this problem occurs is also because of the exam . 
What would be its environmental impact ? 
This affects the environment of the world because of waste of energy . 
If he satisfied his situation and did not make efforts to overcome himself , not only would he be remembered as a great artist , but we would also never hear great music . 
He may feel afraid or terrible when the same thing happens to him . 
Some people might bring a good plan to you . 
When older people think like that , it causes big problems for young people . 
Many scientists have searched the area , but they could n't find particles . 
The question : which is more important ; making students understand ideas and concepts or learning facts , can be answered based on the level of learning which the student is undertaking . 
Some people say that placebo is really a drug . About 0 percent of patients agree with this idea . 
Because they can get a great amount of money from these companies . 
The so delicious , golden fries seen on television , might actually be pale potato stumps , fried to almost perfection in very very very old oil . 
Therefore , the government in America should decide to raise the gasoline tax is proposed . 
It will eat insects or animals that will do damage to places so that it can avoid loses to repair things . 
Parents now have less time to bring up their children . Grandparents might therefore help them more often . 
After that , they have to find a well-paid job . 
But about myself , I am gonna have it too because my brother always talks about it and I agree with that broad knowledge . 
And it does n't matter if the person who takes the riks likes all the things he or she has in mind . The important thing is that they do all the things and they prove that they can do a lot of things in their lives , always thinking of good results for themselves and for the whole world . 
I once read a report that said that during the Vietnam war , more Americans died on roads in their cars than on the battlefield . 
I know Bill Gates , president of Window Media , is the best of the World Rich . 
With only facts , the students can only guess about the reasons behind the facts . 
The cost of underwear is very cheap in some countries , such as France . 
For example , it happened to me when I was studying the concept of inflaction . 
It would lead to tremendous air and noise population . 
I especially practiced hitting rather than receiving . 
People also do not do anything . 
So , to achieve that goal , different techniques are used . 
So they will be able to get more knowledge in their free time . 
So , let 's not lose hope and let the scientists do the job , but I think being in a traffic jam is a stressful situation . It requires time and patience and there are many more disadvantages to the large number of cars . 
When I was a senior high school student , I spent all of my time studying textbooks for the exams . 
For example , there may be elderly travelers , who may cause slow movement due to their unability to walk fast . 
This is evidence : the company that made some products had to pay lots of money to the broadcasting breaus . 
Many people surrounding you admire your knowledge , and try to be familiar with you . 
First of all , it is one area that allows us to become more developed . 
In 2 1th our young people can learn a lot of academic subjects . 
Many climbers died because of the coldness and lack of oxygen . 
The new things bring the brainstorm which other people cannot get . 
The government would like to reduce the population with these fishing limits . 
Like disking would stop an advancing fire . 
I would spend as much time as I wanted , if I liked it . 
So if you want me to choose right now , I will choose ordinary milk instead of that special kind . 
These days our communication is also in very good shape . 
They sometimes teach poor people who cannot afford to go to college , and also , they teach poor kids , too . 
If you randomly find a hotel , it might be either too expensive , or it could be unsafe . 
But not moving and always keeping old things cannot improve a persons life . 
Local communities have the main role of protecting children , whether such children are their own children or not . 
If they are urged to understand the concept that is being passed and interact with the information , the learning process will take place in a completely different way . 
How they found their workplace or food , so they had no space for their communities in their mind . 
His success belongs to his new try . 
But if someone who majors in art also learns something about natural science , he will be lucky to be equipped with the ability to think more logically . 
Movies and other television shows provide a lot of information about what real life is . 
There are many ways for this . Another example is bottele of juice . If it tastes badly , they make its shape wonderful , by making it colourful . 
It is because they do not think the new things to promote or make people feel very good . 
Other tourists would teach you some tips for travelling with their experience . 
The government should also try to reduce the striped bass population . 
Alot of memories with enough time to remember will increase the possibility of enjoyment . 
Sceene of violence can affect them . 
While the communities in general have reckoned that they need support from young people , they must have made an appeal to them in a reasonable sense .